Booking Producer
Special Report w/
Bret Baier

Fox News Channel -
DC Bureau

Cer} (cell)

This message and its attachments
may contain legally privileged or
confidential information. It is
intended solely for the named
addressee. If you are not the
addressee indicated in this message
(or responsible for delivery of the
message to the addressee), you may
not copy or deliver this message or
its attachments to anyone. Rather,
you should permanently delete this
message and its attachments and
kindly notify the sender by reply e-
mail. Any content of this message
and its attachments that does not
relate to the official business of Fox
News or Fox Business must not be
taken to have been sent or endorsed
by either of them. No representation
is made that this email or its
attachments are without defect.

NIH-000518
