 

KAUSHIK. SANGEETA.
Nathaniel Hupert;

Subject: RE: Red Dawn
Breaking, COVID-19
Collaborative, Feb 16 start

Trying to estimate severity by
bringing a number of pieces
together.

The Diamond Princess Cruise
Ship had a crew of 1,745 and
2,666 passengers (total pf 3,711)
Approximately 400 of the
passengers are Americans (11%).
Several days ago (Feb-13) we
attempted to estimate disease
severity using the current data
being reported by the media
(number of confirmed cases and
ICU cases) as well as data on the
outbreak in Singapore (number of
confirmed cases, number
hospitalized, and number in ICU)
(see attached Word file).

Given the additional information
becoming available (including
more specific information being
reported by the media on the
numbers of Americans infected), I
was interested in an updated crude
estimate of severity (and to see
how well the early predictions of
severity matched with what was
being reported by the media on
illness in the Americans. See

NIH-001557
