threats that are surely to follow are, in
reality, many, many times greater than the
threat he envisioned when making that
statement. By fighting a possible
impending pandemic at its source we will
preserve and protect the safety and
confidence of our people, and the strength
of our economy.

Once we have interrupted the threat supply
chain, we can then shore up our critical
infrastructure using the same technology
and process, then assist the Chinese in
addressing their challenges, and protect
our international allies elsewhere. In that
vein, in addition to the Chinese, I have also
discussed this technology and strategy with
senior proxies for another of my former
patients, His Royal Highness, the Crown
Prince of Saudi Arabia, and his father, the
King.

As I noted above, I have asked the
leadership of the company to come to
Washington (from Germany and Denmark)
next week for a variety of meetings. While
Admiral Jackson will be "tied up in Texas"
for the foreseeable future, please let me
know if you would like to meet with myself
or Dr. Hofmann, or the company

NIH-002126
