One plane carrying American
passengers touched down at Travis
Air Force Base in northern
California just before 11:30 p.m.
Sunday local time. A second flight
arrived at Lackland Air Force
Base in Texas around 2'4 hours
later, early Monday.

The California flight had 177
people on it, seven of whom tested
positive for coronavirus, Walters
said. An additional three people
were isolated during the flight for
fever. Upon arrival, 171 stayed in
Travis while six traveled to
Omaha.

It's unclear which passengers were
transferred there and whether
initial tests were positive or
whether they were at risk for the
virus.

The Texas flight had 151 people
board and included the other seven
who tested positive for
coronavirus. Two additional
passengers were isolated on
account of fever. All passengers
who tested positive for
coronavirus then moved on to
Omaha.

The aircraft design allowed
passengers to sit in isolation
thanks to a plastic divider at the
tail of the aircraft.

13 high-risk
passengers await test
results at Nebraska
Medical Center

NIH-001546
