Officials from the University of
Nebraska Medical Center and
Nebraska Medicine confirmed that
they are assessing 13 adults at
their quarantine and
biocontainment facility in Omaha.

“Late last night at about 2 or 3
a.m., we were asked to bring some
individuals here who had either
tested positive or had a high
likelihood of testing positive
because of symptoms they were
exhibiting,” said Dr. Chris
Kratochvil, the executive director
at the University of Nebraska
Medical Center’s Global Center
for Health Security.

Twelve of them are housed in the
quarantine center while one man
was transferred to the hospital’s
biocontainment unit for testing
and observation because of
symptoms including cough, fever,
shortness of breath,
lightheadedness and an
undisclosed chronic condition that
would make him particularly
vulnerable to the COVID-19
virus.

"He is doing good and in stable
condition at this time,” reported
Shelly Schwedhelm, Nebraska
Medicine’s executive director of
emergency management and
biopreparedness.

She went on to note that “the folks
in the quarantine center have all
been tested, and we’re waiting for
those results.”

She added that the other 12 are
isolated in “very nice rooms with
WiFi, TV and a small refrigerator

NIH-001547
